---
layout: post
thumbnail: /images/thumbnails/striving.png
published: true
title: Striving
date: 2012-11-24
---

I was surfing around [Forrst](http://forrst.com) yesterday, which I very rarely do, and I discovered a service or an application, if you will, called [Striving](http://striving.me/). At first it doesn't look like much, a simple site where you post something you want to do and then strike it down when you've done it. A tozen other sites let you do the same and it's called task managing. 

But, it's not that. It's not that at all. It's a place where people help you achieve something. By theory, you submit your goal and a person who has the skill required to help you, will help you. The idea of it is great, like Q&A idea was great. But it has a problem. Kind of the same problem that Q&A has.

This kind of service get's a ton of users, sure, but the majority of them are those who want to complete a goal, not those who help complete them. So, it's all good for a month or two, till people figure out that all of the goals they created never get any help.

That all means it has potential to be more than a task managing service, but it most likely never is anything more than that. To fix that they might try sorting down main goals that require help and hire people from those fields to monitor goals in such categories, or they just create two account types; the one that has goals and the one that helps others complete them. And then try to keep both account types on level.

Don't get me wrong, it's a great service. But whether or not it will succeed is a question I don't have an answer for. Or not a positive one that is.
